README.md, before:

# pc-setup
This repository contains my Vim/Tmux setup.

![Demo](https://github.com/RodrigoCMoraes/pc-setup/blob/master/demo.PNG)

## Try it out with Docker!!!

```
# Build docker image
docker build -t pc-setup .

# Run container to try this setup
docker run --rm -it pc-setup
```

## Install

```
git clone https://github.com/rodrigocmoraes/pc-setup.git
cd pc-setup
sudo chmod +x install.sh
sudo ./install.sh
source ~/.bashrc
```

## Shortcuts
> All others commands no cited here remain default.

1. Vim
  * Ctrl + (h,j,k,l)     : Move between panes  
  * Ctrl + w + (7,8,9,0) : Resize panes
  * jk or kj             : Normal mode
  * za                   : Toogle folding paragraph
  * zr                   : Unfolding all paragraphs
  * Ctrl + n             : Toogle folding files manager
  * Plugins:
    - [Jedi-Vim](https://github.com/davidhalter/jedi-vim)
    - [Vim-tmux-navigator](https://github.com/christoomey/vim-tmux-navigator)
    - [Vim-surround](https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround)
    - [Nerdtree-git-plugin](https://github.com/Xuyuanp/nerdtree-git-plugin)

2. Bash
  * jk                   : Vi mode on bash
  * lt N                 : List all files and directories, hidden are included, in Tree mode with N Level depth    
  * l                    : Clear console and list everything but .git with N=1 
  * ll                   : Clear console and list eveything in vertical mode
  * gs                   : Git status
  * gd                   : Git diff (with [diff-so-fancy](https://github.com/so-fancy/diff-so-fancy))
  * gh                   : Git history ( with [link](https://stackoverflow.com/a/34467298/7195250))
  * tasks                : list TODO, FIXME and BUG tags on versioned code
  * c                    : Clear bash (Ctrl + l remapped)
  * fuck                 : Corrects previous console command (with [thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck))
 
3. Tmux
> Bash starts in last tmux session(I work with just one session and many windows and panes)
  * Ctrl + z             : Leader Key(LK)
  * Ctrl + (h,j,k,l)     : Move between panes
  * LK + c               : Create new window
  * LK + n               : Go to next window(right)
  * LK + p               : Go to previous window(left)
  * LK + w               : Change between windows with preview
  * LK + d               : Detach from session(tmux attach, to attach to session)
  * LK + &               : Kill window
  * LK + x               : Kill current pane
  * LK + ,               : Rename window
  * LK + |               : Split window vertically
  * LK + -               : Split window horizontally
  * LK + {               : Swap pane with last pane
  * LK + !               : Open current pane on new window
  * Alt + (h,j,k,l)      : Resize panes

Commit message:

add instruction to use container as code editor

README.md, after:

# pc-setup
This repository contains my Vim/Tmux setup.

![Demo](https://github.com/RodrigoCMoraes/pc-setup/blob/master/demo.PNG)

## Try it out with Docker!!!

```
# Build docker image
docker build -t pc-setup .

# Run container to try this setup
docker run --rm -it pc-setup

# Use this container as code editor
docker run -it --privileged=true -v PATH_TO_SOURCE_CODE:/app pc-setup /bin/bash
```

## Install

```
git clone https://github.com/rodrigocmoraes/pc-setup.git
cd pc-setup
sudo chmod +x install.sh
sudo ./install.sh
source ~/.bashrc
```

## Shortcuts
> All others commands no cited here remain default.

1. Vim
  * Ctrl + (h,j,k,l)     : Move between panes  
  * Ctrl + w + (7,8,9,0) : Resize panes
  * jk or kj             : Normal mode
  * za                   : Toogle folding paragraph
  * zr                   : Unfolding all paragraphs
  * Ctrl + n             : Toogle folding files manager
  * Plugins:
    - [Jedi-Vim](https://github.com/davidhalter/jedi-vim)
    - [Vim-tmux-navigator](https://github.com/christoomey/vim-tmux-navigator)
    - [Vim-surround](https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround)
    - [Nerdtree-git-plugin](https://github.com/Xuyuanp/nerdtree-git-plugin)

2. Bash
  * jk                   : Vi mode on bash
  * lt N                 : List all files and directories, hidden are included, in Tree mode with N Level depth    
  * l                    : Clear console and list everything but .git with N=1 
  * ll                   : Clear console and list eveything in vertical mode
  * gs                   : Git status
  * gd                   : Git diff (with [diff-so-fancy](https://github.com/so-fancy/diff-so-fancy))
  * gh                   : Git history ( with [link](https://stackoverflow.com/a/34467298/7195250))
  * tasks                : list TODO, FIXME and BUG tags on versioned code
  * c                    : Clear bash (Ctrl + l remapped)
  * fuck                 : Corrects previous console command (with [thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck))
 
3. Tmux
> Bash starts in last tmux session(I work with just one session and many windows and panes)
  * Ctrl + z             : Leader Key(LK)
  * Ctrl + (h,j,k,l)     : Move between panes
  * LK + c               : Create new window
  * LK + n               : Go to next window(right)
  * LK + p               : Go to previous window(left)
  * LK + w               : Change between windows with preview
  * LK + d               : Detach from session(tmux attach, to attach to session)
  * LK + &               : Kill window
  * LK + x               : Kill current pane
  * LK + ,               : Rename window
  * LK + |               : Split window vertically
  * LK + -               : Split window horizontally
  * LK + {               : Swap pane with last pane
  * LK + !               : Open current pane on new window
  * Alt + (h,j,k,l)      : Resize panes
